Remove work around for triggering branch checks (#70)
cirrus-actions/rebase: README.md

To configure the action simply add the following lines to your `.github/workflows/rebase.yml` workflow file:

```yaml
name: Automatic Rebase
on:
  issue_comment:
    types: [created]
jobs:
  rebase:
    name: Rebase
    if: github.event.issue.pull_request != '' && contains(github.event.comment.body, '/rebase')
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout the latest code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          fetch-depth: 0 # otherwise, you will fail to push refs to dest repo
      - name: Automatic Rebase
        uses: cirrus-actions/rebase@1.4
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

> > NOTE: To ensure branch checks run use a [Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the discussion and clarify that only GitHub Actions won't re-run.

```suggestion
> NOTE: To ensure GitHub Actions will be automatically re-run after a successful rebase action use a workaround of using a [Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token). See the following [discussion](https://github.community/t/triggering-a-new-workflow-from-another-workflow/16250/37) for more details.
```
